FIX: rectify details about opening the mood questionnaires (#500)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/tear-up.md

- [ ] [Click this link](https://github.com/{{ secrets.data.covariates_repo | default('<gh_user>/<name>') }}/issues/new?assignees=acionca&labels=mood%2Cbefore&projects=&template=mood-questionnaire-before.yml&title=%5BMOOD%5D%5BBEFORE%5D+sub-001_ses-yyy), or alternatively
- [ ] manually open a GitHub Issue at the [questionnaire repository](https://github.com/{{ secrets.data.covariates_repo | default('<gh_user>/<name>') }}):
    - [ ] Under the section `Issues`, click on <span class="consolebutton green">New issue</span>

>     - [ ] Select the template `Mood questionnaire before scan` by clicking on <span class="consolebutton green">Get started</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Select the corresponding template for the *Mood questionnaire before scan* (either reliability or standard protocol)  by clicking on its <span class="consolebutton green">Get started</span> button.
```

> - [ ] Fill the date of the scan as well as the PE for this session (accessible in the [schedule](participant-prep.md/#session-schedule-reliability))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Fill out the date of the scan as well as the PE for this session (prescribed in the corresponding [schedule table](participant-prep.md/#session-schedule-reliability))
```
